as you may have noticed lace and lace
stitches are definitely the constant
theme of this fashion show the garments
and accessories from farmhouse yarns are
no exception designed to bear
resemblance of the we've used in trip
nets along the creeks and marshes of
South Carolina
view the Georgetown wrap knit and cotton
blossom will take you back in time
designer eleanii McClinton uses big
openwork stitches and lots of fringe to
highlight this one-size-fits-all wrap
available from farmhouse yarns neck
garment is ideal for knit beginners
farmhouse yarns present Stephanie stole
it's a super easy ribbed giant cow work
to the round just three scans of
Trixie's luffy mohair in golden pair
will make the perfect cover up for a
chilly spring or summer evening
our next model is wearing the drop
stitch scarf from designer grace
Alexander
nipton with Fanny's fingering or
Bonnie's bamboo forks and garter stitch
the lace is formed when stitches are
dropped on purpose and allowed to run
let the colors play and let the scarf be
fun to wear you can find all of these
and more
at farmhouse yarns
modular diamonds flare a line and sharp
angles all make up the collection for
our next company join me in welcoming
the designs from the skoo cell
collection take the chill off while
strolling along the beach with your
loved one where the asymmetrical
bathroom designer Maryland Patrick and
you'll be able to do just that knit with
the algarve a 100-percent mercerized
cotton from osterman and worked using
three solids and one varigated color
this looks to be deceptively complicated
simple knitting stitches allow the yarn
to create the flow of colors this great
casual garment is a wonderful way to
show off your own creative flair
especially when you pick your own color
designer master knitter Kathy Gomez
brings us the modular shawl with ruffled
edges this wonderful shawl is indeed a
conversation piece knit can show kovalam
be on page one hundred percent superwash
merino in a great selection of fair isle
colors notice the shaping around the
neck which allows the garment to lie
nicely on the shoulder not only is this
design wonderful the kathy has created a
scarf version that will be shown to all
who stopped by this caselle proof
the final ensemble from this gazelle
collection is by designer militia
weetman and Nitin citroen Savannah a
blend of cotton linen and rayon the
garter stitch swing coat and tunic top
will be a great combination for the
urbanite on the go the lace design of
the top is carried over to the sleeves
the code drape style and elegance stiff
definition all make this a very special
collection see this and more when you're
visiting the cell
thank you ladies delicate elegant and
sleek makeup the collection of sweaters
from Westminster fibers and their
collection of companies Rowan pavitra
and Nashua Rowan magazine number set 47
will feature this delicate cabled
sweater from designer Martin story its
knit in Rowan milk cotton it's a sweet
simple design it can be worn with jeans
or dressed up for an evening out
fantastic versatility
designer corolla got wall brings us this
unique and thrilling design from the
Dietrich collection one of europe's
leading fashion companies this widely
necked high-collared cardigan
dramatically cuts away at the front with
an elegant flair nitin gojira's new
barina this design is truly
trend-setting at its best
next we have this beautiful summary top
it's captured in the perfect shade of
fresh peach and knit in nashua hand it's
textured cotton Lydia designed by Liz
nails this a line sleeveless top
features bobble and eyelids work on the
hem and on the neckline see this and
more when visiting Westminster fibers
and their family of knits collections
thank you ladies
you